---
layout: post
title: "Today..."
date: 2026-06-24 22:43:00 +1200
description: ""
author: "Pennie"
categories: []
---


<!--more-->
## June 24 Wed

Our school ended earlier than usual so I waled to the library and study there until 5:40. I got home pretty late and the sky was pitch black. I can't remember the last time I left the library THIS late. 

School was normal and enjoyable as always. We had our speeches practiced during English and we put on our final touches in Social Studies. Social Studies was fun, but the task is kind of difficult at one point. Because our time limit for the presentation is 'roughly' 3 minutes, and there's so much information to include, me and my partner have to cut 50% (or more) of our original script down so it matches the time limit. Though I don't think the other groups have time for this cutting and simplifying, but I hope they did well, since our presentations are tomorrow. I also finished my Evaluation for Design Tech, which is a huge relief. Design Tech has been very fun, and I don't really want to do Digital Tech next term, because apparantly everyone said DIT is very bad and boring. They were doing Scratch, which I think is pretty cool, but I can't say anything until next term. I really want to do Python though. I'm learning Python by myself using a book my mom borrowed from the library, and it's kind of easy and kind of hard. 

Term 2 is about to end soon. I'm going to spend my 2 week off studying Math and Japanese. Studying has become my hobby recently. My parents always want me to go out more, and logically, I think I should too, so I'm going to put some effort in exercising this holiday. Though I doubt this effort will last long. I need to be persistent. 

I've been reading Solitaire recently, and it's very good. It doesn't betray my expectations - Alice Oseman is a good author after all. Really recommend this author for young adults or teenagers finding books supporting the LGBTQ+ community! Her books are very queer, very fascinating, and very realistic. My favourite book by Alice Oseman so far is 'Radio Silence'. I love the friendship.
